DOCS-6249 rename (#121)
mulesoft/docs-api-community-manager: modules/ROOT/pages/install-acm.adoc

= Install API Community Manager Package
ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]
:imagesdir: ../assets/images/

> NOTE: Installing, updating or configuring Anypoint API Community Manager must be done by a user account with the *System Administrator* profile in the API Community Manager Salesforce organization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: Installing, updating, or configuring Anypoint API Community Manager must be done by a user account with the *System Administrator* profile in the API Community Manager Salesforce organization.
```

> To perform a new install of the API Community Manager package in your API Community Manager Salesforce Organization, follow the steps below. To update an existing API Community Manager installation, refer to xref:update-acm.adoc[Update API Community Manager].

Reviewer: Replace "above" and "below" in narratives:
```suggestion
To perform a new install of the API Community Manager package in your API Community Manager Salesforce Organization, perform the following steps. To update an existing API Community Manager installation, refer to xref:update-acm.adoc[Update API Community Manager].
```

> . Navigate in your browser to the package installation link provided by your MuleSoft representative.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In your browser, navigate to the package installation link provided by your MuleSoft representative.
```

NOTE: If you see a message indicating that the installation process is taking a long time to install, you will
receive an email when the installation completes.

> You can verify that API Community Manager installation completed by reviewing the *Installed Packages* information

Reviewer: "complete" is an intransitive (see style ref):
```suggestion
You can verify that API Community Manager installation is successful by reviewing the *Installed Packages* information
```
